Add Configuration Overview page (#1371)
cube-js/cube.js: docs/Configuration/Overview.md

---
title: Configuration Overview
permalink: /configuration/overview
category: Configuration
menuOrder: 1
---

Cube.js is designed to work with different configuration sources. There
are two main ways you can set configuration options; via a configuration
file, commonly known as the `cube.js` file; and environment variables.

> There are some areas of overlap between these options, and we recommend

Reviewer: @hassankhan it is a very interesting topic. I'm not sure that `cube.js` is the most preferable way right now because It lacks the environment management, i.e. the config in `cube.js` is global across all environments.
What do you think? I'm happy to move this convo to Slack.

checking the configuration precedence. In general, defining options in
your `cube.js` file is the most flexible option because you can define
the options using JavaScript.

## Configuration Precedence

In Cube.js, environment variables take precedence over values specified

> in `cube.js`. The rationale behind this is simply due to the fact that
> it is generally easier and safer to switch environment variables for
> production than it is to do a new deployment.

Reviewer 2: Sounds quite (over?)complicated and "simply", "generally easier", and "safer" are also quite "estimative". I suggest that we describe the rationale without them :)

WDYT about this? (Unsure of the language, just showing the idea.)

```suggestion
in `cube.js`. In production scenarios, it allows to change configuration
by switching environment variables rather than re-deploying the code
 which is generally easier, safer, and faster.
```

Author: @igorlukanin way better than what I had, thanks 😄

## Development vs Production

Cube.js can be run in an insecure, development-only mode by setting the

> `CUBE_DEV_MODE` environment variable to `true`. Putting Cube.js in

Reviewer: `CUBE_DEV_MODE` or `CUBEJS_DEV_MODE` ?

development mode does the following:

- Disable authentication checks
- Allows another log level to be set (`trace`)
- Enables the Dev Server and Playground
- Use `memory` instead of `redis` as the default cache/queue engine

> - Log incorrect/invalid configuration for `externalRefresh` /`waitForRenew` instead of throwing errors

Reviewer 2: Some lines use infinitive forms of verbs ("disable"), other use Present Simple ("allows"). I suggest that we fight for uniformity that leads to clarity :)

Author: Great catch!

## Migration from Express to Docker template

> Since `v0.23`, Cube.js CLI uses the `docker` template instead of `express` as a

Reviewer 2: I'm not really sure but I wonder if we can make a (good?) habit to provide links to relevant GitHub releases (from [this page](https://github.com/cube-js/cube.js/releases)) so developers can easily get more context behind the change, e.g., have a look at release notes, change sets, and corresponding issues. WDYT?

Author: Excellent suggestion ❤️

> default for app creation, and it is the recommended route for production. To

Reviewer 2: I'm not really sure about this too, but I wonder if we should refrain from using contractions throughout the whole docs for the sake of clarity. WDYT?

```suggestion
default for application creation, and it is the recommended route for production. To
```

---
title: Configuration Overview
permalink: /configuration/overview
category: Configuration
menuOrder: 1
---

> Cube.js is designed as an extremely configurable and flexible microservice.
> This flexibility allows you to tune Cube.js to your exact requirements.

Reviewer 2: As a general principle, I suggest that we refrain from using "estimative" adjectives (such as "extremely" here) in any written content because...

1) they don't really convey a certain meaning because everyone perceive their meaning subjectively (for some people it is extremely configurable, others may think it has suboptimal configurability)

2) if non-trivial facts are described (often the case), such claims need to be supported with evidence and proofs  (see [Show, don't tell](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Show,_don%27t_tell))

Then why bother to use such adjectives of we can be specific and provide evidence in the first place? :)

An example:

```suggestion
Cube.js is designed to work with different configuration sources.
```

There are two main ways you can set configuration options; via a
configuration file, commonly known as the `cube.js` file; and environment
variables.

There are some areas of overlap between these options, and we recommend
checking the configuration precedence. In general, defining options in

> your `cube.js` file is the more flexible option because you can define

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
your `cube.js` file is the most flexible option because you can define
```

> the options using Javascript.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the options using JavaScript.
```

Surely, I know it's just a typo. Just want to reiterate that we should pay attention to use correct name for technologies and tools.

---
title: Configuration Overview
title: Overview
permalink: /configuration/overview
category: Configuration
menuOrder: 1
---

Cube.js is designed to work with different configuration sources. There
are two main ways you can set configuration options; via a configuration
file, commonly known as the `cube.js` file; and environment variables.
are two main ways you can set configuration options; via [a configuration
file][link-config], commonly known as the `cube.js` file; and [environment variables][link-env-vars].

> There are some areas of overlap between these options, and we recommend

Reviewer: The line seems redundant because it references the next section
